# CJ questions


Difference between c++ versions?

Free list
Stack vs Heap which is faster? как на питоне, с++, на го мы раскидываем переменые на стэк или хип?

Physical addresses vs virtual addresses?
What is cache assotiativity?
What is cache affinity?
Malloc? signature for that?
[malloc - cppreference.com](https://en.cppreference.com/w/c/memory/malloc)
void pointer, can you make a reference to void pointer? it will return an error because compiler does not know type of that

is there conjestion control in tcp?
why use udp for realtime comminucation?
what are the various code segments in the process? stack, heap, ..

l1 vs l2 vs l3 cache
which layer is shared between multiple cpu?
if l1 is spliit in two parts, what are name of parts?

What is JSON stands for?
[Unemployed self-taught C++ hobbyist BEATS competitive programmer \| Call In 13 - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjnST0DF5qY)

CPU affinity?
OSI, transport layer example
TCP 
Maximum tranmissable units, segmentation
Sequence number
How to establish a TCP connection? Handshake
What does TCP stands for? UDP?
What congestion control mechanism does TCP utilize to prevent the a receiver from being flooded by a sender?
TCP SACK?
Class vs struct
struct over class
POCO vs POD vs ???
Class inheritance is private by default C++
Which part of a computer's hardware is responsible for caching memory address translations between virtual and physical addresses?
Which layer of the OSI model do protocols like UDP and TCP inhabit?
In which C++ standard were nested namespaces introduced to the language (e.g. namespace A::B::C)?
__slots__
CSV?
JSON?
Maximum Transmissible Unit
TLB switch
What is Instruction Set Architecture?
What are the four exception safety guarantee categories in C++? Yes, I got asked this in an interview.
What are the four categories of storage duration in C++?
std::shared_ptr has many constructors. In its most basic form, what does shared_ptr take via its constructor?





-20?

NUMA CPU?

Concurrency patterns C++?
1. How much more latent is accessing RAM compared to accessing L1 cache?

2. Can you explain the purpose of L1, L2, and L3 caches in a CPU?

3. What is cache associativity, and why is it important?

4. What is the difference between physical and virtual memory addresses?

5. Can you describe what a cache miss is and the types of cache misses (compulsory, capacity, and conflict)?

6. How do CPUs handle TLB (Translation Lookaside Buffer) misses?

7. What is cache affinity, and how does it relate to CPU affinity?

8. What strategies can be used to prevent a process from being moved between CPU cores?

9. What is NUMA (Non-Uniform Memory Access), and how does it differ from uniform memory access?

10. Can you explain the role of the CPU scheduler and its importance in job execution?

11. What are some common CPU job scheduling algorithms?

12. How does the operating system handle context switching, and what role does TLB play in it?